welcome to WD toys Wow guess it's
great to see you again NEW JURASSIC WORLD VELOCIRAPTOR CLAWS 2015 By WD Toys
gonna have awesome children day i'm glad
you came back today we have another
drastic world episode this is the
Velociraptor calls while he seems cool
and pick a lock you put it on your arms
and like velociraptor calls you could
chase like people around with it and
scare them while this is cool you could
use DS with the Troxy the Velociraptor
heads to maybe put one on one had a
today's softball and a call that looks
like a raptor wow that looks awesome
let's open it up
ok I these clauses really cool
cool let's take a closer look at it so
they are like softball here then you've
got the three fingers of the
velociraptors you got huge nails here i
mean it's not they don't really have a
rooting claw because you have to be able
to put it on your hand and if they did I
mean it would be a very awkward angle
the top is like really dark green and
the bottoms like a light green and it
does have a really nice textured finish
take a look at that looks really cool
and then it is a glove it's like three
fingers here you've got a wristband here
to hold off like I said you do have like
a wristband in here so you'd put it like
around your wrist I mean it it seems a
little small for me because I think it's
made more for kids hands
me he would put like two fingers into
one and then each of the other ones you
put another finger and then you could
move it here just just like I said it's
a little little small for me but that is
cool people around
pretend you're iraq there are some one
on one hand and have the Raptor claw and
the other low his own cause they're
taking each other as his claws but
they're taking him good
pull the mouth he finished the call
should pull off my alarm no that's not
good now I'm gonna have to go on guys
contract calls have to join this episode
make sure you subscribe to my channel
down there
come blow the video click on comments
video ends with Tressa chrome dinosaurs
pepper
princess is wow I hope to see you soon